documentation/README.md, before:

The following is a general document explaining how to contribute to documentation, what needs to be done, etc.
Feel free to edit this file as you make contributions to the documentation.

# Most importantly:

Please use git for *all* version control. Ensure your file properly compiles before pushing your changes. Push both the edited .tex file and a fully c
ompiled .pdf file. Structure of the software requirements is not final, feel free to add sections you think would be noteworthy to have.

# Using LaTeX

Note that LaTeX itself is not an editor. Whilst certain installations (e.g. MiKTeX) do come with editors, you will have to use your own editor for certain installations (if you are on linux). It is also rather large (a full install of TeX Live is ~4GB), and not always intuitive to install. For these reasons, it is preferable that, unless you plan to use LaTeX for other projects (it is nearly unavoidable in comp-sci/mathematics academia, for example), that you opt for an implementation such as sharelatex.

### Online:
+ [sharelatex](http://www.sharelatex.com)
### Offline:
+ Windows: [MiKTeX](https://miktex.org/about) (Comes with an editor.)
+ Linux: [TeXLiVe](https://www.tug.org/texlive/quickinstall.html)
+ MacOS: [MacTeX](http://www.tug.org/mactex/) (Comes with an editor.)

On Linux, you can compile your .tex file with `pdflatex`. For other installations, you can compile directly from the editor.

If you have any problems with installing LaTeX or with a particular package just ask on slack.

# TO DO

## Iteration 1 checklist (*due: 23:59 Sunday 11 February 2018*):

+ Each student must submit a diary (document done in LaTeX)
+ Use Cases: proper ordering in document. Quality control: verify vocabulary used, phrasing, spelling mistakes...
+ Domain Modeling: include in document.
+ do model of SQL organisation.
+ use case diagram

## Iteration 2 checklist:

## Iteration 3 checklist:

Commit message:

proper use case ordering, some precision added to use cases 5-7, fixed some capitalisation issues

documentation/README.md, after:

The following is a general document explaining how to contribute to documentation, what needs to be done, etc.
Feel free to edit this file as you make contributions to the documentation.

# Most importantly:

Please use git for *all* version control. Ensure your file properly compiles before pushing your changes. Push both the edited .tex file and a fully c
ompiled .pdf file. Structure of the software requirements is not final, feel free to add sections you think would be noteworthy to have.

# Using LaTeX

Note that LaTeX itself is not an editor. Whilst certain installations (e.g. MiKTeX) do come with editors, you will have to use your own editor for certain installations (if you are on linux). It is also rather large (a full install of TeX Live is ~4GB), and not always intuitive to install. For these reasons, it is preferable that, unless you plan to use LaTeX for other projects (it is nearly unavoidable in comp-sci/mathematics academia, for example), that you opt for an implementation such as sharelatex.

### Online:
+ [sharelatex](http://www.sharelatex.com)
### Offline:
+ Windows: [MiKTeX](https://miktex.org/about) (Comes with an editor.)
+ Linux: [TeXLiVe](https://www.tug.org/texlive/quickinstall.html)
+ MacOS: [MacTeX](http://www.tug.org/mactex/) (Comes with an editor.)

On Linux, you can compile your .tex file with `pdflatex`. For other installations, you can compile directly from the editor.

If you have any problems with installing LaTeX or with a particular package just ask on slack.

# TO DO

## Iteration 1 checklist (*due: 23:59 Sunday 11 February 2018*):

+ Each student must submit a diary (document done in LaTeX)
+ Use Cases left to do:
    * add transaction to category (I imagine something like: select transaction -> add to category -> list of categories shows up, with a [+] button thing to add new category -> user can create new category or add a new one)
+ Domain Modeling: include in document.
+ do model of SQL organisation.
+ use case diagram

## Iteration 2 checklist:

## Iteration 3 checklist:
